{
    "text": "Tim, our curity, it's been a heck of a year in semis with the stocks up 63%, meaningfully outperforming. You know, with sort of the GPU compute names, NVIDIA and AMD leading the narrative, sentiment is overwhelmingly bullish. We are increasingly seeing more and more of the stock market, and we're seeing more and more of the stock market, and we're seeing more and more of the stock market, and we're seeing more and more of the stock market, non-semi-dedicated investors enter the space. You know, also from your perspective, what are some of the top three or four themes, topics, debates, and ideas we should be focused on for next year? Yeah, well, first, let me just say that I guess I know what maybe it was like to be an internet analyst in 2000, just given the number of inbounds I get. This has been absolutely a crazy year, and the number of inbounds have only increased in the past couple weeks. And as you said, what is really important is that we're not going to be able to do anything about it. We're going to be able to do everything we can do about it. We're going to be able to do everything we can do about it. We're going to be able to do everything we can do about it. We're going to be able to do everything we can do about it. We're going to be able to do everything we can do about is the breadth of investors that I'm talking to. There's people, I mean, I was in New York last week with you, Rob, and you look at all the people that we talk to and the calls I get. I mean, there's probably a third of every call I'm doing that is with someone who I've never talked to before, which is pretty incredible, given that I've been doing this for 25 years. So just, there's so many different eyes looking at semis. It's just, it's like every, you know, seeping into every part of the global economy. And I'm speaking to, you know, CIOs of major, of, you know, major fund complexes that want to talk to a sell-side semiconductor analyst because they, because, you know, semis are flashing on their screen. You know, people want to talk about, you know, US-China trade. There's just so many different topics and it's just not the tech pods anymore. In fact, I would say that's the exception, you know, these days talking to the tech pods. I mean, you know, I talk to them all the time, but there's just so many more folks that I'm talking to, which as I, I mean, I said this when this began in 2000, you know, 21 and 22, I thought that this could carry this group a lot farther. And I, and I, and I still think from my seat, this has a very powerful effect that is going to carry these stocks through 2024 as well. I would say in terms of the debates, well, you know, first and foremost, you know, last week, every meeting we were in was NVIDIA, NVIDIA, NVIDIA, AMD, AMD, AMD. And, and the theme there really is, you know, I think people, people are looking at it as like an either or I, I, I still think you can own both of them. I don't know why it has to be either or. But I think there's a lot of hand-wringing going on about the, just about the, the, the, you know, sustainability of the AI theme. You know, Carl talked about it. You know, could there be some digestion on the partner side? For sure. I think that's inevitable when you look at these digestion curves, but there's going to be a second wave of elasticity as well. So I think that's what people are really, you know, wrestling with on NVIDIA. AMD has been a favorite of ours. We upgraded the stock at $73. It's been fun to see some of our competitors have to capitulate up here. But I, you know, still think that it's pretty easy to continue to dream on this stock. So it remains a favorite headed into 24, but there's a lot of questions around that. It's again, probably half of the, you know, all of the calls and all the time that we spend is on either NVIDIA or on AMD. And, you know, also on Intel. There's a brewing, you know, long case in Intel. I'm not completely bought into that, but there is a brewing long case among investors on Intel. Secondly, and you know, everyone on this call is talking about how extended are these stocks post this rally? Like, like everyone in the past week is calling and asking, you know, how do we rationalize upside from here? And there's a lot of people calling and just wanting to go through, okay, let's like dream on where these stocks can go. You know, what's the best, best, best case that you can see 2025 earnings? And, you know, I think that's a really important question. And I think that's a really important question. And I think that's a really important question. And I think that's a really important question. And I think that's a really important question. And I think that's a really important question. And I think that's a really important question. And that's sort of what people are doing to, you know, rationalize this move. I would say, you know, look at some of my stocks, I mean, every single analog stock, not, not, not all of them, but you know, ADI, Microchip, not TI, but, you know, ADI, Microchip, I mean, these are back at all time highs, semi caps are at all time highs. And so I think people are struggling, you know, particularly some of the hedge funds are really struggling with that. And, and they're, you know, fighting that move still. I would say the, you know, the other debate is memory. I'm not going to say that Micron is not a hedge fund long, it is. But there's a lot of people who are just have pretty pedestrian views on sort of how high the stock can go. And I'm, and I'm sort of trying to entice people to dream a little bit in terms of how good this upcycle can be. I mean, you know, the stock can, I mean, I think it can go quite a bit higher if, if the, if, you know, you have a technology now, for the first time, you know, you're going to have a technology now for the first time that we've ever seen that consumes wafer capacity at a massive clip and, and that's HPM. And so as the mix shifts to HPM, you're going to have not only a, a, you know, demand side tailwind, but you're going to also have a supply side tailwind in the sense that HPM consumes a ton of wafer capacity. And so the, you know, supply demand balance flips very quickly when you have an adder to supply and you have a subtractor or, sorry, an adder to demand and you have a subtractor on supply. think you're already seeing you know nick and i have written about you know samsung and hynix already uh thinking about adding wafer capacity next year we upped our our you know dram you know wfe numbers next year so that all i think plays into the just how good this bull or how good this upturn can be for memory the other debate would be on you know smartphone and pc these stocks are among you know if you if you just do a simple chart of you know all the semis and you look at what's still you know uh you know below peak and and even you know below in some cases pre-covid levels many of them are smartphone and or you know pc stocks and so there's there's this brewing uh undercurrent of well okay you know given this move you know how do we pick through what can still go up and so there does seem to be some people who are looking at you know smartphone increasing i mean heck you know qualcomm's at you know 143 now so i mean you know stocks up a ton now but there is a brewing sort of undercurrent and you know maybe we can own smartphone i'm not so convinced because i do think that this is largely an inventory build and i'm not really sure how sustainable you know self is going to be on the smartphone side but but but that's the uh you know those are the debates and then i guess last debate i would say would be semi-caps rob i mean obviously we hear you know a lot of the long homies are bullish on semi-caps and you know hedge funds are bearish and and that's the dividing line i'm i'm of the mind that you know you're you're going to hit a you know you're you're going to hit a you know you're you're going to hit a you know you're going to hit a you know you're you're going to hit a you know you're going to hit a you know you're going Sinon you're going to hit a you know you're going to hit a you know you're going to hit a maybe an episode of lost and i don't even know what it's hurting you're still going to kind of swing it but that doesn't upset me so strong in my opinion you're doing a job that is\u0440\u0435\u0437istrious on \uc624\ub798arem of the special but i am scratchy over here on aic,lead cross the Jose Ya goodness here's the problem with\ufffd\ufffdrophy money market we don't really have but we unfortunately you know step up and trying to get the14 what's my 5000 currency diffuse exchange rate up you have toomme a you know i have noAT systems whatever the sort so grown that you're gonna go stand in theetted through visually yeah yeah i'm gonna do B Critical\u610f\ufffd\ufffd\ubbf9 Thanks, Tim. Appreciate it. And finally, David Vogt, it's certainly been a challenging year in your space for IT hardware and networking on the comm equipment side. The sector is up 18 percent, meaningfully underperforming, and IT hardware up 41 percent, modestly underperforming the SP Tech Index. Results for most companies have been fairly weak as the industry kind of works through inventory digestion and sort of a narrow IT spending-focused backdrop. And yet you have Apple as a key outlier near a 52-week high with a slower iPhone upgrade cycle. So, you know, just from your perspective, is there a case here for recovery? What are a couple of key themes and maybe a few ideas we can focus on for 24? Yeah, great. Thanks, Rob."
}